1 - hero section with logo and navbar (desktop first)
    challenge was to fit the image with the correct size, solution was::
        bg-img {  
            background-repeat: no-repeat;
            background-size: cover;
            background-position: bottom;
            min-height: 50vh;
        }
    - also add difficulty adding the font family (I was not adding the @import on the top of the CSS file)

2 - 6card section ( desktop first TRY TO ALREADY MAKE MOBILE)
    was hard to fit the grid inside the container without moving it with content inside.
    Solutionw was::
        #cards-container {
            display:grid;
            grid-template-columns: 50% 50% ;
            align-items: auto;
        }

3 - 6card section ( add images and formating p's)
    fit img inside the grid with::
        background-position: center;
        /* background-repeat: no-repeat; */
        background-size: cover;
    -still need to undestand about the underline on "LEAN MORE" 
    -P font weight (NEED TO double check)
    - Make responsiveness (2nd)

4 - Testimonials section 
    - Flex box centered with a title and 3 sections 
    - testimonials section responsive 
    - PROBLEM to fix mobile version (brave is crashing everytime, going back to FIREFOX??)
 
5 - 4card section 
    - 4imgafes grid responsive done
    - had to change the width of container in order to match de design 

6 - Footer Section::
    - logo
    - 3xa 
    - 4x social icons 

7 - TOOGLE + HOVER 
    - make toogle menu hamburger button 
        {couldnt figure it out how to add transation to the toogle so then I was able to solve it adding.... }
    - make hover effects
    - it was hard to make the menu mobile close when window is adjusted (onresize()), i solve it with::
        window.onresize = function() {
            if (this.window.innerWidth >= 800){
            var menu = document.getElementById("menu")
            menu.classList.add("hidden")  
            }
        };





TO DO LIST:
- fix font weight or style from tittle an ps 6card sections
- fix responsiveness header and 6card section tittle (padding amrging etc..)
- make hamburger for nav bar responsiveness
- solve testi title margin responsive 
- change button to <a> from nav bar 
- make de mobile menu disapear when screen gets bigger
- add triangle to background of mobile menu card  














Page text content:: 

 About
  Services
  Projects
  Contact

  We are creatives

  Transform your brand

  We are a full-service creative agency specializing in helping brands grow fast. 
  Engage your clients through compelling visuals that do most of the marketing for you.

  Learn more

  Stand out to the right audience

  Using a collaborative formula of designers, researchers, photographers, videographers, and copywriters, we’ll build and extend your brand in digital places. 

  Learn more

  Graphic design
  Great design makes you memorable. We deliver artwork that underscores your brand message and captures potential clients’ attention.

  Photography
  Increase your credibility by getting the most stunning, high-quality photos that improve your business image.

  Client testimonials

  We put our trust in Sunnyside and they delivered, making sure our needs were met and deadlines were always hit.
  Emily R.
  Marketing Director

  Sunnyside’s enthusiasm coupled with their keen interest in our brand’s success made it a satisfying and enjoyable experience.
  Thomas S.
  Chief Operating Officer

  Incredible end result! Our sales increased over 400% when we worked with Sunnyside. Highly recommended!
  Jennie F.
  Business Owner

  About
  Services
  Projects
  Contact